hey guys so today I'm just stabbed with
a giveaway which I haven't done in quite
some time and I was out shopping
yesterday and thought why not do a
giveaway especially around this time
with the holidays coming up and stuff
like that I thought it'd just be a
really nice time just to do kind of a
holiday giveaway so I'm just going to
giving away this betsey johnson makeup
bag which i actually have one just like
this but in a different print which I
wish I could have found this print when
I was up shopping before and got mine
because I absolutely love this printable
that better mine's kind of a zebra um
print with pink on it but I love this is
just so metallic in I loved but it's
just this right here and it has a little
pocket back here for whatever you may
want to put in it it's just kind of a
spacious makeup bag without being
anything ridiculously large so that
right there and then I also got this
passion fruit facial cleansing gel right
here and this is just from the body shop
I haven't actually tried the but
I'm going to go get me one so I can try
it but those are the two prizes right
there will be one winner and they will
win both those prizes and no one to the
wonderful rules so in order to win this
of course you must be a subscriber to my
channel right here and you also need to
go subscribe to my vlog channel which is
Morgan Bishop vlog I'll put all the
links and stuff down below that you guys
need to go to in order to enter and I do
a lot of stuff in my vlog lately I've
been kind of addicted to it so I love my
vlog channel cuz i can just be crazy me
you know without having to I don't know
have anything kind of somewhat
structured even though I feel like my
stuff isn't really well as that
structured but whatever um so just make
sure to subscribe to that also you need
to make sure to go follow me on twitter
as well and the reason for that is i'm
not going to be actually announcing the
winner on youtube i'm going to do it on
twitter which will just be a lot easier
and stuff like that a lot faster and i
can just kind of quickly announced it
that i'm filled and stuff like that so
you can just go over to twitter follow
me and I will be announcing the giveaway
winner on that now how do you enter well
to enter all you need to do is just tell
me your favorite holiday tradition what
you
do so if you're under the age of 18 just
make sure to go get your parents
permission to intern let's give away
will be ending January seventh at 12pm
eastern standard time and I kind of fish
it back a little bit because I don't
want the giveaway to be ending you know
with the holidays right here around the
corner I thought it you know it's kind
of it's a busy time for everyone though
I kind of pushed that back a little bit
after New Year's and stuff like that so
that's all you need to do for the
giveaway and just wanna say thank you
guys so much for watching my videos
subscribing just because giveaway
because I absolutely love you guys and
just thank you so much really for
watching my videos and subscribing and
just for all your support i really
really really do appreciate it happy
Holidays to you all and I'll see you
later bye